Dear Ilaria,

here with some info on the ZTF2033 reductions. There is probably a bit
more to be looked at -- mainly whether I can come up with any
extinction coefficients, but this will be a good start. I expect to
update some aspects -- I am not sure the comparisons are the best at
the moment.

Two nights, 06 and 09 Sept, 2021. run0026 on Sep 6 and run0022 on Sep 9 are
the science runs.

Several different reductions are here.


normal ===> straight aperture photom, with an aperture designed to
            avoid nearby star

optimal ==> uses a weighted extraction based on a paper by Naylor from a long
            way back. This is not PSF fitting, but a sort of half-way house.
            It improves statistical noise sometimes at the expense of
            systematic.

normal-large -- straight aperture photom, but with large apertures with the
            aim of getting the full flux of the comparison stars to allow them
            to be referenced with the standard star. i.e. you need to compare
            the comparisons from this extraction with a similar "normal-large"
            extraction of the flux standard. I expect to update these with larger
            apertures still.


XXX.log vs XXX.fits -- contain the same data, but the ASCII version has lots of
header info that the FITS file doesn't have. The FITS file will be much easier to
understand however. 

Files like "run0026_002_ccd5.fits" contain a spliced-together version of the data (single data
array) to make display in ds9 easy. A command like:

  ds9 run0026_ccd2.fits -regions run0026_ccd2.reg -zscale

should display the image along with the apertures which I hope should make it easy to
identify comparison stars. Target "1" is the science target.

The comparions vary in terms of brightness and how isolated they are from other stars.
I am hoping to send a revised extraction with many more comparisons than are used at present.

2021-09-09 had the best seeing. Pixel scale = 0.081"/raw pixel, but these data were taken with 3x3 
binning, i.e. 0.243"/pixel

Tom
